---
title: 'Installation & Setup'
description: 'Learn how to install and setup the CoPilot Craft CMS plugin.'
---

## Requirements

- Supports Craft CMS > 5
- PHP 8.2 or later

## Craft Plugin Store

To install CoPilot, go to the Plugin Store in your Craft control panel, search for "CoPilot," and click the Try button.

## Composer

::code-group

```bash [ddev]
ddev composer require samuelreichor/craft-co-pilot &&
ddev craft plugin/install co-pilot
```

```bash [php]
composer require samuelreichor/craft-co-pilot &&
php craft plugin/install co-pilot
```
::

## Setup

### Add Providers

To get started you need to pick one or more AI providers and generate an API key. If you choose more than one you can switch the provider in the chat.

::alert{variant=note}
  OpenAI offers the best cost-performance balance, Anthropic has the highest quality but is slower and pricier and Gemini is the cheapest but least reliable for complex tasks. <br>
  Head over to the [provider overview](/libraries/craft-co-pilot/get-started/ai-provider), if you are unsure what provider you should pick. 
::

To set the api key, first create new environment variables in `.env`:

```sh[.env]
OPENAI_API_KEY=XXXXXXXX
ANTHROPIC_API_KEY=XXXXXXXX
GEMINI_API_KEY=XXXXXXXX
```

After that, you can set them in the control panel settings. For that you can go to **Settings** -> **CoPilot** -> **Providers**:

::video-player{src="/videos/craft-co-pilot-setup.mp4" alt="Craft CoPilot setup guide"}
::

<br>

::alert{variant=warning}
  Only use set the API key as enviroment variable. Settings get saved in the `project.yaml` and that file will be commited to git. Therefore you would leak your API Key if you save them directly in the settings. 
::

### Set Permissions

It's recommended that you check the current craft site and adjust permissions for the CoPilot if needed. 
You can give the Agent access to Sections, Volumes and Categories.
These permissions have higher priority than user permissions. For example admin users can't edit entries if they are in sections that are blocked or read only. Learn more about how permissions work in the [Permissions](/libraries/craft-co-pilot/usage/permissions) guide.

::video-player{src="/videos/craft-co-pilot-permissions.mp4" alt="Craft CoPilot permission settings"}
::

### Done

You can now safely use the Copilot 🚀

## Support

If you encounter bugs or have feature requests, [please submit an issue](https://github.com/samuelreichor/craft-coPilot/issues/new?template=bug-report.yaml) or use the `/bug-report` command in the chat window. 

Your feedback helps improve the plugin!

## Licensing

You can try CoPilot in a development environment for as long as you like. Once your site goes live, you are required to purchase a license for the plugin.

For more information, see Craft's Commercial [Plugin Licensing](https://craftcms.com/docs/4.x/plugins.html#commercial-plugin-licensing).
