---
title: 'Configuration'
description: 'Learn how to configure the @query-api/react package.'
---

You can configure the @query-api/react package by calling the `craftInit` function. 
This function initializes the Query API client with your Craft CMS backend details and maps your React components to Craft Entries.

## Example Configuration

This example shows a minimal setup for a React application using the Query API:

```tsx [main.tsx]
craftInit({
  baseUrl: 'https://your-craft-backend.ddev.site',
  authToken: 'Bearer yourBearerToken',
  contentMapping: {
    pages: {}
    components: {},
  },
})
```

## Configuration Options

### `baseUrl`
The base URL of your Craft CMS backend. This is the URL where your Craft CMS is hosted.
- **Type:** `string`
- **Example:** `https://your-craft-backend.ddev.site`

### `authToken`
The authentication token for accessing the Craft CMS API. This is your generated Bearer token.
- **Type:** `string`
- **Example:** `Bearer asdfasdfasdfasdfasdfasdf`

### `contentMapping`
The `contentMapping` option lets you connect your Craft CMS sections and entry types to React components.

In `pages`, use `sectionHandle:entryTypeHandle` (e.g., `news:home`) to map to a React page. If the entry type is the same as the section handle or is `default`, just use the section handle (e.g., `home`).

::alert{variant="note"}
  To turn off `sectionHandle:entryTypeHandle` mapping, set `enableEntryTypeMapping: false` in `craftInit`.
::

In `components`, map entry types to React components. This is useful for things like matrix blocks.

- **Type:** `object`
- **Default:** `{ pages: {}, components: {} }`
- **Example:**
```ts
contentMapping: {
  pages: {
    home: Home, // Maps section home entry with entry type home to the Home component.
    'news:home': News, // Maps section news entry with entry type home to the News component.
  },
  components: {
    headline: Headline, // Entry type headline will be rendered with the Headline component.
    imageText: CraftNotImplemented,
  },
}
```

#### Error pages
You can also map error pages to React components in the `contentMapping.pages` object. There are two special keys for this: 
- `page404` for 404 Not Found pages
- `page500` for 500 Internal Server Error pages
- `error` for general error pages

### `debug`
Enable debug mode to log additional information to the console. This is useful for development and debugging purposes.
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `false`
- **Example:** `true`

### `enableEntryTypeMapping`
Enable or disable entry type mapping. If set to `false`, the `contentMapping` will not use the `sectionHandle:entryTypeHandle` mapping, and will only use the section handle for pages.
- **Type:** `boolean`
- **Default:** `true`
- **Example:** `false`

### `siteDetectionMode`

The `siteDetectionMode` option controls how the site is identified in a multi-site Craft CMS setup:

- `path`: Detects the site from the URL path (e.g., `/en/news`).
- `origin`: Detects the site from the domain or origin (e.g., `example.com`).

This is useful if you want to load data from different sites based on the URL. While the feature is not yet implemented, you can already set `siteDetectionMode` to `path` or `origin` to prepare for future support.

- **Type:** `path | origin`
- **Default:** `path`
- **Example:** `origin`

### `siteMap`

The `siteMap` option allows you to define an array of Craft Sites. This is useful for multi-site setups, as a global definition. In future versions, this will be used to detect the site based on the URL.

- **Type:** `CraftSite[]`
```ts
type CraftSite = {
  handle: string
  origin: string
  path: string
  id?: number
  label?: string
  lang?: string
  primary?: boolean
}
```
- **Default:** `[]`
- **Example:**
```ts
siteMap: [
  {
    handle: 'en',
    path: '/',
    origin: 'http://localhost:3000',
    id: 1,
  },
  {
    handle: 'de',
    path: '/de',
    origin: 'http://localhost:3000/de',
    id: 2,
  },
]
```

## Default Configuration

This is the default configuration for the @query-api/react package.

```ts [main.tsx]
export const defaultCraftOptions {
  baseUrl: '',
  authToken: '',
  contentMapping: { pages: {}, components: {} },
  debug: false,
  enableEntryTypeMapping: true,
  siteDetectionMode: siteDetectionModes.PATH,
  siteMap: [],
}
```



